{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat2\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat3\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Sail-Master (OpenSeas)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1. I find many beginner water sports\'92 enthusiasts don\'92t know about planning for a sailing day. This requires planning as well as being able to know whether it\'92s safe to sail. This app will allow beginner, intermediate and expert level sailors to have a handy tool to prepare for a voyage. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 2. Users will be beginner, intermediate and expert water sports enthusiasts. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 3. I want to use API to check weather conditions, list of sail clubs in the US\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
4. Approach: \uc0\u8232 - Schema (rough idea) \
\
	users\
	- username\
	- first name\
	- last name\
	- date of birth \
	- club location \
	- experience level: beginner, intermediate, expert \
\
	club location\
	- club name \
	- club address \
	- user ID \
\
	users_experience\
	- user ID \
	\
	experience\
	- level: beginner, intermediate, expert \
\
	journey \
	- user ID \
	- experience \
\
Sail-Master is an application for experienced sailors water sports\'92 enthusiasts that has a common goal to share the joy in sailing. This application allows to plan ahead sailing clubs and checks weather conditions to make the best plan available. \
\
Application will allow users to register their profile and based on experience level it will give an intelligent recommendation whether it\'92s safe to sail or not. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Provide a list of sailing houses nearby where enthusiasts can be redirected to websites where a sailing school is available. \
\uc0\u8232 In case user wants to add a new sailing club it can be requested via email or added via a link to request adding a club or institution.\
\
Details to show: sunrise/sunset, min and max temperature, wind speed, UV index, water temperature and other climate conditions will be displayed to help the sailor. It can provide warnings about special weather conditions such as tornadoes, hurricanes or thunderstorms nearby. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Experienced sailors:\uc0\u8232 - Able to sail despite bad weather and adversary conditions\u8232 - Wind speed: 15-20 knots \
{\listtext	0.	}Enthusiast level: \uc0\u8232 - Able to sail only on \'93comfortable\'94 weather conditions\u8232 - \'93Comfortable\'94 wind speed: 5-12 knots \
{\listtext	0.	}Absolute beginner level: \uc0\u8232 - Able to sail only on \'93ideal\'94 weather conditions \u8232 - \'93Ideal\'94 wind speed: under 10 knots \u8232 - Best wind speed is one that allows to navigate the boat safely, without exceeding the hull speed of the boat\
{\listtext	0.	}Always provide a checklist when ready to make a sail:\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Stay Dry!\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Life Jacket\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Rubber-soled shoes that cover your toes\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Water bottle\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Stay Dry!\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Layers of lightweight clothing that dry quickly\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Jacket that sheds rain or spray\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Waterproof bag for clothing, wallet, cellphone, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Stay Protected!\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Sunscreen and lip balm\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Sunglasses\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Hat with a brim\
}